Proofread developer chapter (#2670)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/developer/developer-broker-stream-connector.md

```

Here, when the ``init`` function is executed, the *broker_log* object is

> parameterized with a max level 3 and an output file */tmp/test.log*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured with a max level of 3 and an output file */tmp/test.log*.
```

1. In this example, the first call is *broker_tcp_socket.new()*. It creates a
   new socket by calling the function *new()* stored in the table
   *broker_tcp_socket*.
2. The next step is a call to the *connect* method, which needs two arguments:
   a string given an ip or a host name to connect to and the port to use.
3. The next step is a call to the *write* method, which writes a string into
   the socket. The method call is finished when the entire message is sent.
4. The *read* method gets a string as its result.

> 5. When finished using the socket, the user can close the socket with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. When the user has finished using the socket, they can close it with the
```
